Who did I think it was?
The president of a small company
Dare to come to Genting Group to bark
I have children with him
It's not my man, is it yours?
I'm not as unscrupulous as you
And it doesn't matter who he belongs to
But a mere top student at MIT
No matter how hard you try, you are only worthy of rolling at the bottom
What about the security guard? How did you let such a person in?
Shangjin, the sixth lady of the Jin family, right?
Although born rich
But she is also a brainless and unruly princess
Everything you use is given to you with gold
Why are you arguing with me here?
Kim's good show comes and goes.
The two men just fought for
Excellent disciple of the Dragon Army
fight kill
Now the two women are taunting each other for the Dragon Army
Wonderful
You two stop arguing and shut up
Anyway.
I hurt the golden armor
It's been said throughout the summer
What are you?
Dare to rob me of a man
Then I'll let you know who I am
Miss is not good
Our Jin family was acquired by Yueshi Group
What!
How could this be?
Do you know who I am now?